PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_vuln_post_processing/device_security_vuln_post_processing_description.md

## device-security-vuln-post-processing Script

> This script is executing a command 'device-security-resolve-vuln' to resolve a vulnerability in PANW Device Security portal during post-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script executes the 'device-security-resolve-vuln' command to resolve a vulnerability in PANW Device Security portal during post-processing.
```

Author: yes, updated it
